Project startup
The both projects can be started in the same way - first open the necessary folder by using the command 'cd [be/fe]' and install the dependancies with the command 'npm install', then run by using the command 'npm start' in the terminal.

Descrtiption of the work process
At first I saw that the project was a combination of all of the technologies we have learned throughout the internship, so I decided to do the task in the order of what technologies we have learned - first I created the tables of the database and configured the relationships. Then it was time for the backend and I remembered we learned nodejs api and nestjs, but since my knowledge of nest was limited due to me not fully understanding node api on time hence skipping the whole nestjs week to catch up on node and learn one thing the right way instead of 2 things but never fully understanding both of them. My plan was to do the api with node because at this point I was familiar with it and then integrate the nest by refactoring the code. I successfully finished the node api and crud and I even tested with with postman - everything was working properly, but then when I decided to rework the code so that it fits nestjs too, I couldn't do it because time wasn't on my side and since I had no frontend up to this point, I ditched nest because I had the backend working and I wanted to show up with something that works in the meeting. I started the frontend and did the login/registration screens and I recycled the page we did for maya's assignment on react because I didn't have time to write it from scratch. My plan was to use the UI and just change whatever needed to be changed and add whatever had to be on the page. Then when I did those 2 pages and reached the point where I had to connect the frontend to the backend in order to be able to send a request to the backend to reach the info from the tables(warehouses, products, users). I tried using cors, which backfired, because I wasn't able to set it up properly and now my backend isn't working. I do not understand where the current error i get arises from nor do I know how to fix it, additionally I don't have the time to do it. I'm really frustrated about not being able to provide the whole task and I apologize for that.

Summary of the problem(why isn't the code working)
The whole problem was that I couldn't use nest due to my limited knowledge and furthermore I had a problem with the connection between the backand and frontend
